✨ (backend) - remote endpoint API Joanie for other services (token security and endpoint) (#511)
openfun/joanie: CHANGELOG.md

## Added

> - Add remote API endpoints for other services to retrieve data on course run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add API endpoints for other services to fetch  data on course run
```
